---
title: Terms of Service
author: Shangeet Shankar
date: December 24, 2020
---

**This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and
rules there under as applicable and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic
records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This
electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical
or digital signatures.
This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the
Information Technology (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing
the rules and regulations, privacy policy, and Terms of Use for access or usage of
https://pipory.com/** ​ **website and/ or Pipory mobile application.
The domain name** ​ **https://pipory.com/** ​ ​ **(hereinafter referred to as “Website”) and the
mobile application Pipory (hereinafter referred to as “Application”) are owned by Pipory
Private Limited a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter
referred to as “Pipory”).
By accessing or using the Website/ Application, the Pipory Service, or any other
applications (including mobile applications) made available by Pipory (together, the
“Service”), however accessed, You agree to be bound by these terms of use (“Terms of
Use”). The Service is owned and controlled by Pipory. You are suggested to go through
these terms before using Pipory. These Terms of Use affect Your legal rights and
obligations. If You do not agree to be bound by all of these Terms of Use, do not access
or use the Service.**
For the purpose of these Terms of Use, wherever the context so requires​ **“You”, “Your”** ​ or
**“User”** ​ and variants thereof shall mean any natural or legal person who has agreed to become
a user of the Service by providing Registration Data while registering on the Service using a
computer system. The term ​ **“We”** ​,​ **“Us”** ​,​ **“Our”** ​ and variants thereof shall mean Pipory.
**ACCESSING, BROWSING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SITE INDICATES YOUR
AGREEMENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE, SO
PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE PROCEEDING.** ​ By impliedly or
expressly accepting these Terms of Use, You also accept and agree to be bound by Pipory
policies (including but not limited to Privacy Policy)as amended from time to time (together
referred to as “Pipory Policies”).
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these
Terms of Use, at any time without any prior written notice to You. It is Your responsibility to
review these Terms of Use periodically for updates/changes. Your continued use of the Service
following the posting of changes will mean that You accept and agree to the revisions. As long


as You comply with these Terms of Use, We grant You a personal, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Service.

1. The minimum age to use the App is 18 (eighteen) years. By using the App and in order to be
competent to contract under applicable law, You represent and warrant that You are at least 18
(eighteen) years of age or not a minor in any other jurisdiction from where You access Our App.
By using the App, You hereby represent and warrant to Us that You have all right, authority and
capacity to enter into these App Terms and Conditions and to abide by all of the terms and
conditions thereof.
2. You are responsible for ensuring that in Your use of the Service, Your action or omission is
not contrary to any law for the time being in force. You are not allowed to post violent,
discriminatory, plagiarized, promotional, unlawful, infringing, trolling, hateful Content via the
Service. For the purposes of clarity, Content refers to any data, text, information, usernames,
works of authorship, links, and other content or materials, including information that the User
posts and/ or uploads on to the service, such as but not limited to the write-ups, photographs,
graphics, videos, and any other information formats that may become shareable via the Service
from time to time (collectively “Content”). You specifically undertake not to host, display, upload,
modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information that –
a. belongs to another person and to which the user does not have any right to;
b. is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic,
libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging,
relating to or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner
whatever;
c. harm minors in any way;
d. infringes any patent, trademark, copyright, or other proprietary rights;
e. violates any law for the time being in force;
f. deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any
information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;
g. impersonate another person;
h. contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to
interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource;
i. threatens the unity, integrity, defense, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with
foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offense
or prevents investigation of any offense or is insulting any other nation.


Breach of these Terms of Use on Your part would lead to a removal of any and all of Your
Content and revoke Your posting rights. Repeated breach will lead to a permanent account ban,
and You may not be permitted to access the Service ever again.

3. You are responsible for any activity that occurs through Your account and You agree You will
not sell, transfer, license or assign Your account, followers, username, or any account rights.
With the exception of people or businesses that are expressly authorized to create accounts on
behalf of their employers or clients, Pipory prohibits the creation of and You agree that You will
not create an account for anyone other than Yourself. You also represent that all information
You provide or provided to Pipory upon registration (“Registration Data”) and at all other times
will be true, accurate, current and complete and You agree to update Your information as
necessary to maintain its truth and accuracy.​
4. When You use the Service or other data, information, or communication to Us, You agree
and understand that You are communicating with Us through electronic records and You
consent to receive communications via electronic records from Us periodically and as and when
required. We may communicate with You by email or by such other mode of communication,
electronic or otherwise.
5. You agree that You will not solicit, collect, or use the login credentials of other YourQuote
Users.​
6. You must take responsibility for keeping Your username and password safe and secure.
7. Pipory uses third party transaction gateway to send/receive money to/from the users.Pipory is
not liable for any injury/damage/failure of transaction that occurs either before, during or after
Your use of the Service.
8. You are requested to maintain discretion before adding users on other social networking
platforms or sharing phone numbers. Pipory shall not be responsible for any harassment the
User suffers from other users on the Service, or any other platform(s). Please approach the
support of those platforms and use the block feature on Pipory to disable them from interacting
with You. You are responsible for any post related to self-harm that You post on the Service.
Pipory is not liable for any injury or damage that occurs either before, during or after Your use of
the Service.
9. You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You agree to comply
with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to Your use of the Service and Your Content,
including but not limited to, copyright laws.
10. You are solely responsible for Your conduct and the Content that You post on Pipory.


11. You must not change, modify, adapt or alter the Service or change, modify or alter another
website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service or not modify or alter the
Service or modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with Pipory.
11. You must not interfere or disrupt the Service or servers/networks connected to the Service,
including by transmitting worms, viruses, spyware and malware or any other code that is
destructive or disruptive in nature. Interfering with the display of any Pipory’s page in a User’s
browser or device is illegal.
12. You shall not create accounts on Pipory using unauthorized means, including but not limited
to, using an automated device, script, bot, spider, crawler, or scraper is not allowed.
13. Pipory reserves the right to distribute Your Content posted on Pipory through its social
media handles, with due credits to the User.
14. You must not attempt to restrict another user from using or enjoying the Service and You
must not encourage or facilitate violations of these Terms of Use or any other Pipory Policies.
15. Violation of these Terms of Use may, in Pipory’s sole discretion, result in termination of Your
Pipory account. We are not responsible for any Content that is posted on Pipory. If You violate
the Terms of Use, or create risk/possible legal exposure for Pipory, we can stop providing all or
part of the Service to You.​
**More terms regarding the App and Coins/Points**
    - The App is proprietary to Us and constitutes Our intellectual property. Any intellectual
       property relating to any products and/or services offered on or through the App may be
       proprietary to Us or Our partners and shall constitute Ours or Our partners’ intellectual
       property as the case may be.
    - Based on the minimum number of coins/points (as mentioned in the App) collected in the
       user’s account, the user can redeem the same either against products and/or services
       offered on or through the App, whether they are offered by Us or by our partners.
       Further, the said coins/points can also be used to avail various discount offers that may
       be made available on or through the App, whether by Us or by our partners. If there are
       any specific or additional terms and conditions attached to any such offered products
       and/or services, then the same will also be applicable and shall form an integral part of
       these App Terms and Conditions.
    - The App is provided currently free of cost. We may convert the App to a
       subscription-based model at a future date. However, We shall communicate the same to
       You as and when We decide to do so.
    - Pipory holds the rights to add/remove coins from/to users account for reasons such as
       but not limited to hacking, robot, reposting content, fake likes etc.
    - ACCOUNT SECURITY


**Account Security**
You shall be solely responsible and liable for maintaining the utmost privacy and confidentiality
of Your App log-in (username and password) details as well as for any and all activities that
occur under Your log-in. You agree to immediately notify Us of any disclosure or unauthorized
use of Your log-in or any other breach of security by emailing us piporyofficial@gmail.com
**PROPRIETARY RIGHTS**
You confirm and agree that We or Our partners are the owner of the proprietary information
made available to You through the App and hereby retain all proprietary and intellectual
property rights in the same, including but not limited to all confidential information.

1. You undertake not to post, copy, modify, transmit, disclose, show in public, create any
    derivative works from, distribute, make commercial use of, or reproduce in any way, and
    whether partly or fully, any (i) confidential or proprietary information, or (ii) copyrighted or
    copyrightable material, trademarks, service marks or other proprietary information
    accessible via the App; whether belonging to Us or not without first obtaining Our prior
    written consent.
2. Other App users may upload/publish/post any copyrighted information, which may have
    copyright protection or not or which may be identified as copyright. You undertake not to
    copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, commercially use/exploit, sell
    or use such information in any way and for any purpose whatsoever.
**MODIFICATIONS TO THE APP**
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the App
(or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that We shall not be liable to You or to
any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the App. Any access or
usage by You of the App shall imply that You have accepted any new or modified terms and
conditions. Please re-visit these App Terms and Conditions from time to time to stay abreast of
any changes that We may introduce.
**DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY**
1. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, We have provided the App on an
    "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and “BEST EFFORTS” basis and grant no warranties of
    any kind, whether express, implied, direct, indirect statutory or otherwise with respect to
    the App or any part thereof (including all content contained therein), including any
    implied warranties of correctness, validity, accuracy, completeness, appropriateness,
    fitness, compatibility for a particular purpose or outcome or non-infringement. We do not
    warrant that the use of the App will always be secured, uninterrupted, available,
    error-free or will meet Your requirements or expectations, or that any defects in the App will be corrected or result in the desired results. We disclaim liability for, and no warranty is made with respect to, the connectivity and availability of the App at all times and the results of the use of the App.

2. Opinions, advice, statements, offers, or other information or content made available
    through the App, but not directly by Us, are those of their respective authors, and should
    not necessarily be relied upon. Such authors are solely responsible for such Content.
    We do not (i) guarantee the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information
    provided on the App, or (ii) adopt, endorse or accept responsibility for the accuracy or
    reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made by any party other than Us.
3. From time to time, We may offer new features or tools which Our App users may
    experiment or experience. Such features or tools are offered solely for experimental
    purposes and without any warranty of any kind, and may be modified or discontinued at
    Our sole discretion. The provisions of this Disclaimer of Warranty section shall apply with
    full force to such features and tools.
4. We accept no responsibility for any damage, loss, liabilities, injury or disappointment
    incurred or suffered by You as a result of the App.
    **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**
1. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will We be liable for any
    incidental, special, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or relating to the use
    or inability to use the App, result of using the App, including without limitation, damages
    for recommendation of the App, loss or corruption of data or programs, service
    interruptions and procurement of substitute services, even if we know or have been
    advised of the possibility of such damages. To the maximum extent permitted by
    applicable law, under no circumstances will we be liable for any liquidated or punitive
    damages.
2. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will We be liable for any
    damages whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, general, special, compensatory,
    consequential, and/or incidental, liquidated, punitive arising out of or relating to
    recommendation of the App, the conduct of any App user or anyone else in connection
    with the use of the App, including without limitation, bodily injury, emotional distress,
    financial loss and/or any other damages resulting from communications with other App
    users or as a result of using the App.
**INDEMNIFICATION**
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Us harmless, as well as Our partners, affiliates,
subsidiaries, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants and
other related or affiliated third parties, from and against any and all losses, claims, costs,
liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) relating to or arising out of Your
use of the App, including but not limited to (i) any violation by You of these App Terms and
Conditions, or (ii) any action arising from the Content that You publish on the App or using the
App that infringes any proprietary or intellectual property rights (e.g. copyright, trade secrets,


trademark or patent) of any third party, or (iii) any content or communication that denigrates,
libels or invades the privacy right of any third party. We reserve the right, at Our own cost, to
assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by
You, and You will co-operate fully in asserting any available defenses in such case.
**CAUTION**

1. We may check new user account profiles strictly for verifying accuracy of profile
    information and any unsuitable, objectionable or inappropriate content. However, We
    may not be able to verify the identity of all such users or the accuracy of their content,
    nor can We guarantee that We will be able to identify all unsuitable, objectionable or
    inappropriate content. Please do not take any user content as fully accurate and/or
    complete. We will not be liable or responsible for any false and misleading content and
    information given by any user. If You have any concerns over any user content, please
    write to us on support@pipory.com with the details thereof.
2. You hereby acknowledge and agree that You shall ensure that at all times Your
    interaction with other users of the App will always be lawful and appropriate and that You
    alone shall be responsible for all consequences thereof.